README.md, before:

# Pixi.js TypeScript Boilerplate

A beginner-friendly template for building interactive graphics and games using Pixi.js with TypeScript and Webpack. This boilerplate simplifies the setup process, allowing developers to quickly start creating engaging web experiences.

![pixi.js logo](https://pixijs.download/pixijs-banner-no-version.png?v=1)

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/14e7ef42-5c90-44c8-a7ec-0b6e20c59735/deploy-status)](https://pixi-typescript-boilerplate.netlify.app)

## Recent update ( 25.12.2023 )

- 🆕 Updated to Pixi v7: The latest version of Pixi.js brings enhanced features and performance improvements

- 🔧 Stability Overhaul: Moved from swc to ts-loader for improved stability and compatibility

- Revised and Updated Dependencies: All package dependencies have been reviewed and updated to their latest versions for optimal performance and security.

## Features

- 🔰 - Beginner-friendly setup and structure.
- 🚀 - Optimized build times.
- 🛠 - Full TypeScript support for robust type-checking.
- ✈️ - Live reload for efficient development workflow.
- 📝 - Consistent code style using Prettier and Eslint

## Usage

### Click on the green button "Use this template" on top of the repo or

Simply copy paste this and start coding

`git clone --depth=1 --branch=master https://github.com/yordan-kanchelov/pixi-typescript-boilerplate`

`rm -rf ./pixi-typescript-boilerplate/.git`

## Commands

- `npm run build` - starts build procedure
- `npm run start` - start watching for files and open's server on localhost:8080
- `npm run lint` - generate code coverage report

For vscode users - ctrl ( or ⌘ ) + shift + b will run package.json's dev script ( it is set as default vscode task )

Commit message:

feat: update README with recent Pixi v8 improvements

README.md, after:

# Pixi.js TypeScript Boilerplate

A beginner-friendly template for building interactive graphics and games using Pixi.js with TypeScript and Webpack. This boilerplate simplifies the setup process, allowing developers to quickly start creating engaging web experiences.

![pixi.js logo](https://pixijs.download/pixijs-banner-no-version.png?v=1)

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/14e7ef42-5c90-44c8-a7ec-0b6e20c59735/deploy-status)](https://pixi-typescript-boilerplate.netlify.app)

## Recent update ( 12.04.2025 )

- 🆕 Updated to Pixi v8: The latest version of Pixi.js brings significant performance improvements, WebGPU support, and enhanced rendering capabilities

## Recent update ( 25.12.2023 )

- 🆕 Updated to Pixi v7: The latest version of Pixi.js brings enhanced features and performance improvements

- 🔧 Stability Overhaul: Moved from swc to ts-loader for improved stability and compatibility

- Revised and Updated Dependencies: All package dependencies have been reviewed and updated to their latest versions for optimal performance and security.

## Features

- 🔰 - Beginner-friendly setup and structure.
- 🚀 - Optimized build times.
- 🛠 - Full TypeScript support for robust type-checking.
- ✈️ - Live reload for efficient development workflow.
- 📝 - Consistent code style using Prettier and Eslint

## Usage

### Click on the green button "Use this template" on top of the repo or

Simply copy paste this and start coding

`git clone --depth=1 --branch=master https://github.com/yordan-kanchelov/pixi-typescript-boilerplate`

`rm -rf ./pixi-typescript-boilerplate/.git`

## Commands

- `npm run build` - starts build procedure
- `npm run start` - start watching for files and open's server on localhost:8080
- `npm run lint` - generate code coverage report

For vscode users - ctrl ( or ⌘ ) + shift + b will run package.json's dev script ( it is set as default vscode task )
